so welcome to the next presentation of
additional functionality of the office
synchronizer from in front of this new
demo shows you the drag-and-drop
mechanism you can easily start the
drag-and-drop mechanism and you see that
in the area below we include a mini
Explorer and this makes sense for
example if you are working in a site
Rick's environment so we have not the
transfer between two terminal sessions
for example so this makes sense that we
included this mini Explorer directly in
the biz to drag and drop so on the right
area below you identify the files and
now you are able to click on the files
one and more files and you can easily
move them in the upper area the upper
area this is the preparation for the
transfer into the direction of SF Peter
for example we choose the two fouls and
of course if you choose these files you
can select afterwards one or more of
these files and change them for example
for copy or move there will you change
the character of the transfer and then
in just we see for example in the word
integration we uses all the same term
this uses the same configuration inside
SP and this means that we have now the
possibility to switch over to SLP and
ask a sappy what kind of document types
but kind of document classes are in the
customizing of sfe and so with an easy
selection we are able to generate a
document info record inside SP and of
course if we want to move a file then we
are asked for after successfully
executed that on the system one file is
deleted and do you want to continue this
makes sense if you makes probably some
failure and of course to respect the
customizing inside as a pea and you have
chosen the different document class then
SP will ask you for some relevant data
relevant criteria of course you have the
F such helps standard search up inside
p and you complete the needed cute areas
to generate the document infra record
and if you have done this then we also
include the search find document with
the cute areas with the selection
criteria and have a look on the new
generated document infra record there
you see the new document info record
with the two files as original also
included so we can also see the object
links for example we described and we
have a clear position with the documents
inside the sfp business logic so
probably you want to add another file to
the existing document info record so we
switch over to the biz to drag-and-drop
we select an additional file or copy for
example and then we choose the button
for a sign file to existing document
info record and this button allows you
to find the document via the selection
criteria and add these additional file
to an existing document info record and
so from our point of view this
additional document was also
successfully checked in into a sappy and
we have a look on the document info
record and we see that the new file has
been added to the existing document info
record this was an a male with must
split up into the different components
message file text file and attachments
and so we added the last file as an
original to this existing document info
record so this handling is very easily
by a drag-and-drop to move or to copy
your data from the microsoft explorer
for example from your computer into the
SOP thank you very much bye-bye